Adding onboarding docs and configuring live preview (#5333)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipdnn/docs/user-guides/reference/hipblaslt.rst

.. meta::
  :description: 
  :keywords: hipDNN, ROCm, API, 

.. _hipblaslt:

************************************
hipBLASLt provider operation support
************************************

> The hipBLASLt provider plugin provides integration with AMD's `hipBLASLt library <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipBLASLt/en/latest/index.html>`_ that provides optimized GEMM operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hipBLASLt provider plugin provides integration with the AMD `hipBLASLt library <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipBLASLt/en/latest/index.html>`_ that provides optimized GEMM operations.
```

.. meta::
  :description: Learn about hipBLASLt provider operation support in hipDNN.
  :keywords: hipDNN, ROCm, API,  hipBLASLt

.. _hipblaslt:

************************************
hipBLASLt provider operation support
************************************

> The hipBLASLt provider plugin provides integration with AMD's `hipBLASLt library <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipBLASLt/en/latest/index.html>`_ that provides optimized GEMM operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The hipBLASLt provider plugin integrates with the ROCm `hipBLASLt library <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipBLASLt/en/latest/index.html>`_ that provides optimized GEMM operations.
```
